Another feature I want to cover is object lock.
This was announced that reinvent last year in 2018 so it's been around for several months now.
Could well be appearing on the exam object lock is used to prevent objects from being deleted.
So this is another tool in your arsenal so you've got versioning, you've got multifactor authentication
delete protection and then you've got object lock.
Now we can see here that if you try and enable object lock for an existing bucket it tells you that
you can't you can only do it when the bucket is created.
So you actually have to go create a bucket.
Call this DC to test objects lock and then you're gonna go next.
We need to go to advanced settings and before we can enable that we have to enable versioning so you
do need versioning before you can enable object log and then you just enable it for the bucket.
And it tells you that this is a permanent thing.
You can't turn this off at any point and then you just go next and finish.
Now there's a couple of articles which talk about how you can use object locks so there's a couple of
key reasons for this as there's compliance reasons that you need to keep data for a certain period of
time there's legal reasons where you need to make sure that people cannot delete certain data.
So have a look through this and understand how it works.
Another article that's good is how do I lock Amazon S3 objects.
So even though you've configured the bucket and you've enabled object log you then need to specify information
with your request to store data or update existing data in order to lock it and then you can choose
the relevant retained retention modes.
So you have here the governance mode the compliance mode and then the legal hold which can be enabled
as well.
So a couple of things to note on this you can see that the compliance mode cannot be disabled by any
user.
So that's a pretty major thing.
And then also with the legal hold this prevents the objects from being deleted regardless of its retain
until date.
However that can be removed by certain AWS users.
So I would just familiarize yourself with this.
I didn't want to actually set anything up here because I thought when you guys lock in objects and finding
that you've got problems deleting them so maybe just keep this as a theoretical exercise just read these
articles and understand what objects look is and when you might use it.